What I was trying to Do
 Exercise One
  I was trying to follow the instructions so that I could look through the "nice" databases and explore. 
 Exercise Two
  I used wget to download a portion of the Equity papers.
 Exercise Four
  I was supposed to use the APIs in JSON format through the Canadiana Discovery Portal. I followed the steps easily and completed the 
  exercise better than I had expected.
 Exercise Five
  
  
What I did
Exercise One
  It took me a few minutes to figure out how to download and open the csv files. I opened them in LibreOffice Calc
  spreadsheet program and selected the category titled "modern country" and ran a chart output on it. I tried several ways
  and was not able to create useful charts. I switched to Google's spreadsheet program and found this worked much simpler.
  I completed the exercise as it was described. 
  However, when I tried to commit my nano file "Week2Exercise1" to the correct repo and save it, I saved it and then pushed
  it to github in the wrong repo. Mayham followed as I tried to use my very limited knowledge to take the file out again.
  I then accidently removed it completely (after saving it to github) and was at a loss to retrieve it. 
  Classmate sarahmcole tried to assist me by showing me some of her similar mistakes and her solutions. This was helpful 
  but did not recover my files. I turned to my brother who easily showed me how to copy the github copy back onto DH Box
  and extract it from its repo. I then placed it in the correct repo "Week2" and followed the steps from last week to add,
  commit and save it properly. He then reminded me to put it back on github, which I have done.
Exercise Two
 Apart from having a bit of difficulty with my command lines again, I did not find this exercise difficult. It was taking a 
 long time to download, so after 5 minutes or so, I stopped the download and just examined what I found. 
 The files were incomplete because of poor OCR, but I can see how it would be useful.
Exercise Four
 I did not have trouble following this exercise. I just do not really understand how it is useful and 
 when I am supposed to use it. 
 We are getting introduced to so many new programs and concepts that even when I complete them and 
 they make sense in the moment, I don't understand how or why to use them independently. Maybe this
 is a fault of my own because of how I am used to learning and the condensed schedule. 
 I'm just not sure what is really going on sometimes. 
Exercise Five
 
 
 

Things that were hard
Exercise One
The actual exercise was not hard, it showed how useful and what the limitations are on exploring data that way. 
However, the command line stuff still confused me and I had a great deal of difficulty navigating it. See my file https://github.com/claremaier/Week2/blob/master/Module2%20Exercise1%20Command%20line
to demonstrate my problems.

Thoughts on where to go next
I should revisit the command line later this week and work through some basic exercises in order to get a better grasp on the new language.
