Failog
I started by incorrectly searching the term "figlin" into the incorrect search bar.
This turned up no results. I found the correct search bar and had 67 hits. I downloaded the spreadsheet and opened it with OpenOffice.
This is the URL
http://edh-www.adw.uni-heidelberg.de/inschrift/suche?qs=figlin

Currently unable to figure out how to make a chart in LibreOffice Calc.
Finally changed the way I did the the chart and the modern country names popped up - but as the legend, not the chart. 
Switched to Google' spreadsheet program and easily made the chart showing the modern country breakdown. The majority are from Italy (27), followed by Germany and Greece. 
Created several charts, including a pie chart showing work status, with provisional work status coming in at 50.7%. The next largest percentage was "checked with photo" and was 32.8%.
*I see how this could be useful and could be mapped out to show spatial awareness and understand relationships better. 


Now looking at the casualty information for my surname "Maier". The results are surprising in terms of which country they came from. 
Based on the chart, none of the soldiers are from Germany. This appears misleading and I wonder if the variable heading could be misleading. I suspect that rather than meaning what country the Maiers' are from, it actually means where they died. This interpretation seems to make sense, considering the majority of the 26 casualties is listed as "France" (14). I know my heritage is German, so this second interpretation makes more sense.
People also became casulties (in descending order) in the UK, Belgium, Italy, Egypt, and Jamaica. The majority of these make sense to me, knowing that the German army was present during WWII in these places. Jamaica doesn't make sense to me and I would be interested in using more traditional means to find out about this person. According to the database entry, Elsa Frieda Maier (a woman) died June 9, 1954 in Jamaica. She is listed as Germany civilian. Further analysis separates her as the only civilian and the only noticable women. Not sure what her story is, but it would certainly be interesting. I wonder if it would be possible to compare her death date with events that happened in Jamaica during that time. Knowing her age, marital status, socio-economic status, reason for being in Jamaica would also be helpful. Comparing her to the broader context of German women in Jamaica during the war would be similar to the prison analysis we read about. Now I'm starting to see the benefits of using data in this manner. 
Further, the majority of war dead were ranked as Musketiers and Privats, and perhaps a larger search across all recorded German deaths would indicate if this pattern is typical. As expected, over half of the soldiers were with the German army, although it also appears some with British air forces. Interesting and deserving of both a deeper look and a broader contextualization.

Was not able to graph the dates of death to see if any related event or battle caused a large percentage. The data would need to be further reconfigured. 
